{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 VideoDrums User Guide\
\
Table of Contents\
I. What is this?\
II. How does it work?\
III. The parts:  Drum Machine\
	A. Introduction\
	B. The File Loader/Player\
		i. Loading sounds\
			a. Individually\
			b. Kit loading\
				
\i NOTE: Folder format requirements
\i0 \
		ii. Playing/manipulating sounds\
			a. Selecting a new sound from the folder\
			b. Trigger\
			c. Volume\
			d. Pitch\
			e. Beginning/end sample trim\
			f. Filter\
				1. Type\
				2. Frequency\
				3. Gain\
				4. Q\
			g. Solo and mute\
			h. Sample link\
				1. Enable\
				2. Instrument selection\
				3. 'Adjacent' option\
	C. The Step Sequencer\
		i. Selecting an instrument\
		ii. Entering a sequence\
		II. Clearing a sequence\
			a. Individually\
			b. Clearing all sequences\
	D. Global controls\
		
\i NOTE: Enable audio out (ezdac~)!
\i0 \
		i. Play\
		ii. Tempo\
			a. 16- and 4- step LED display\
			b. Manual tempo set\
			c. Tap tempo\
		iii. Clear solos/mutes\
		iv. Volume/meter\
		v. Presets\
			a. Store\
			b. Clear\
			c. Clear all\
			d. Save\
			e. Load\
IV. The parts:  Video Player\
	A. Introduction\
	B. Playing/manipulating video\
		i. Load video\
		ii. Play\
		iii. Playback speed\
			a. Speed\
			b. Direction\
			c.  Dial range\
			d. Reset\
		iv. Audio\
			
\i NOTE: Enable audio out (ezdac~)!
\i0 \
			a. Audio routing indicator\
			b. Volume/meter\
			c. Mute\
		v. Playback position\
			a. Store\
			b. Recall\
			c. Reset to beginning\
V. The whole:  VideoDrums\
	A. Introduction\
	B. How does one PLAY the other?\
		i. Triggers\
			a. Enable\
			b. Quick disable\
			c. Triggers sequencer\
				1. Enable\
				2. Clear\
		ii. Offset\
			a. Enable\
			b. Manual set\
			c. Offset increment\
				1. Enable\
				2. Direction\
				3. Increment value\
			d. Quick disable\
		iii. Synchronous play controls\
			a. Play sync\
			b. Punch in/out\
			c. Beat repeater\
				1. Repeat factor\
	C. Recording\
		i. Audio\
		ii. Video\
		iii. Both\
VI. Shortcuts\
\
\
Things to add:\
1. shortcut for increasing/decreasing beat repeat factor\
2. lfo controllers for triggers/offset/increment/punch-in\
3. beat repeat can start from current part of pattern, not only the beginning\
4. allow sample and loop for layering of multiple patterns\
5. velocity control for sequencer\
6. sequencer for offset\
7. sequencer for video recall?\
8. sequencer for video speed\
9. multiple saveable presets for offset\
10. VIDEO QUEUE!\
\
<BODY TEXT>\
\
VideoDrums User Guide\
\
Table of Contents\
I.  Introduction\
II.  The Parts:\
	A.  The Drum Machine\
	B.  The Video Player\
III.  The Whole:  VideoDrums\
IV.  Keyboard Shortcuts\
V.  Glossary\
\

\b I.  INTRODUCTION
\b0 \

\i What is this?
\i0 \
VideoDrums is a program that allows you to easily join rhythm and video together.  It couples a 16-step sample sequencer with a video player, allowing loaded videos to be played by a user-generated sample sequence.\

\i How does it work?\

\i0 The drum machine portion of the program consists of individual synchronized sampler patches.  Whenever these are triggered, they send a message to the video player that changes the point from which the video is playing (the 
\i playback position
\i0 ).  Each sampler triggers a different playback position when played by the sequencer, and they add up too:  multiple samplers triggered simultaneously jump to a different playback position than if just one of those samplers was triggered.\
\

\b II.  THE PARTS
\b0 \
VideoDrums consists of two interrelated parts: the Drum Machine and the Video Player.  The Drum Machine consists of a 16-step sequencer driving ten samplers.  The Video Player is a simple Quicktime Movie player with a few playback control options.\
\
	
\b A.  THE DRUM MACHINE
\b0 \
The Drum Machine is built to operate, well, like an 80s-styled drum machine.  It's built from ten sampler modules that are synchronized and triggered by a 16-step sequencer.\
		i.  The Samplers\
Each sampler is a simple file-loader}